Gateway 3.9.0 lived event v2 (#743)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: docs/gateway/reference/monitoring.md

| The total bytes exchanged within the context of the specified topic                              | `gateway_bytes_exchanged_topic_total`             |
| The total errors per API key for the specified virtual cluster and username                      | `gateway_error_per_apiKeys`                       |
| The current inflight API keys of the specified virtual cluster and username                      | `gateway_current_inflight_apiKeys`                |

### Gateway Lived Events

Gateway Lived Events provide comprehensive monitoring metrics about the Gateway's runtime configuration and usage. These events capture data about interceptors, virtual clusters, topics, and other important components of your Gateway setup.

> You can access Gateway Lived Events metrics either through Prometheus (as listed below) or via the REST API endpoint:

Author: ```suggestion
You can access Gateway Lived Events metrics either through Prometheus (as mentioned above) or a JSON response via the dedicated REST API endpoint:
```

```bash
GET /gateway/v2/analytics/lived
```

> For more details about using this API endpoint, refer to the [Gateway API documentation](https://developers.conduktor.io/?product=gateway&version=3.9.0&gatewayApiVersion=v2#tag/cli_analytics_gateway_v2_13).

Reviewer: not sure, but I'm taking the gateway lived event tag -> https://github.com/conduktor/conduktor-proxy/blob/main/api-definition/src/main/resources/openapi.yaml#L2616

Author: Thanks, Im not sure either about being predictive here, instead will play it safe and we can always update later.
